lib: date_time: Add API to check if the library has obtained valid time (#3513)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

    This change re-introduces the optional timeout on the TCP socket used for the download.
    Upon timeout on a TCP socket, the HTTP download will fail and the ``ETIMEDOUT`` error will be returned via the callback handler.

>   * :ref:`lib_date_time` library - Added API to check if the date time library has obtained valid time. If this function returns
>     false we know beforehand that other API calls to the library will fail because the library has not yet obtained valid date time
>     to base its calculations and time conversions on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`lib_date_time` library - Added an API to check if the Date-Time library has obtained a valid date-time.
    If the function returns false, it implies that the library has not yet obtained valid date-time to base its calculations and time conversions on and hence other API calls that depend on the internal date-time will fail.
```
